RFC 5988, also known as "Web Linking," is like a set of rules for adding web links to websites. You know how when you're on a webpage and you see links to other pages? RFC 5988 helps make those links work better. **Firefox** handles `Link` header as described in RFC 5988 (Not sure about other browsers).

# 1. Link Relations
Imagine you're reading an article on a website, and you see a link that says, **Read more about this topic.** That link represents a relationship between the current page and another page.
RFC 5988 provides a way to standardize these relationships so that web browsers, search engines, and other web tools can understand them. It uses a `rel` attribute in the link tag to define this relationship.
Example:

```html
<a href="https://example.com/more" rel="related">Read more about this topic</a>
```
In this example, "related" is the link relation, indicating that the linked page is related to the current page.

# 2. Link Format
RFC 5988 defines how to format these links. It's like a recipe for websites to create links that have a standardized structure.
This structure consists of the link's target URL (the page it points to), its relationship (rel), and optional attributes like the type of content it leads to.
Example:

```html
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="styles.css">
```
Here, we have a link tag specifying that it's a stylesheet (CSS) related to the current page.

# 3. Mistakes

Sometimes, links break or point to the wrong place. RFC 5988 helps handle such situations gracefully. It encourages websites to include information like the "title" attribute to describe the link's purpose.
Example:

```html
<a href="https://example.com/missing-page" rel="nofollow" title="This page is no longer available">Read more</a>
```


# Response side
```http
Accept-Ranges:bytes
Connection:close
Content-Length:11187
Content-Type:text/css
Date:Sat, 05 Nov 2016 23:00:22 GMT
ETag:"581a7f27-2bb3"
Last-Modified:Thu, 03 Nov 2016 00:04:55 GMT
Link:<flag2.jpg>;rel=stylesheet
Server:nginx/1.10.0 (Ubuntu)
```

In HTTP headers, the "Link" header is used to provide references to related resources or other links that are associated with the current resource. In this case, the "Link" header specifies a relationship with an external resource, which is a file named "flag2.jpg."

**<flag2.jpg>**: This part enclosed in angle brackets specifies the target resource (in this case, "flag2.jpg"). It's essentially a link to the "flag2.jpg" file.

**rel=stylesheet**: This part defines the relationship between the current resource (the CSS file) and the linked resource. In this case, it indicates that "flag2.jpg" should be treated as a stylesheet.

So, what this header is saying is that the web page, likely a CSS file, relies on an external resource, "flag2.jpg," which should be interpreted as a stylesheet. This typically means that "flag2.jpg" is being used as a background image, logo, or other graphical element within the CSS to style the web page.